In this video, we are going to learn how to find a basis for the image of a linear
transformation.  So as a reminder, the image is the subspace given by
all the things in the codomain that are mapped to by something in the domain.
So to figure out what all of those things are, we just need to remember that everything in the domain
can be built out of the basis vectors for our domain. Therefore,
everything in the image can be built out of the images of those basis vectors.
So formally we would say that our image then is given
by the span of the images of our bases vectors. So
T of e1, T of e2, T of e3
and T of e4.
And the good news is, because we are handed a standard matrix
of our map T, we know exactly what
those vectors. T of e1, T of e2, T of e3, T of e4 are. Those are the columns
of our standard matrix. So we simply need to find
a basis of the subspace spann by these four vectors.
And our last one is negative four, one,
negative four. All
right, so we've reduced our problem for finding the basis or a basis of the image of T
into finding a basis of a subspace spanned by these four vectors,
which is precisely a V7 problem which we've learned how to do
previously. But we'll go through the steps here. So what we'll want to do is we want
to find the reduced row echelon form of this matrix.
So I've gone ahead and typed  that into calculator to produce this.
In this case, we've got 1 2 0 0; 0 0 1 0
in our last row is 0 0 0 1.
So now what we're looking for here are the pivot columns.
Remember, if I have a non pivot column that's telling us that we can build that vector out of
the pivot columns that came previously, for example, that second column there, the 2 0
0 that's telling us that that is exactly two times the first column, which we can see
by inspection. So now we know that those three pivot
columns are going to span the same subspace. But now they're going to be linearly independent.
So therefore, we have a basis of the image, a basis
of image of T is
simply the set containing those three vectors.  2 -2 3;
Skip the second one, probably close our bracket.
Third one 2 1 -1; and the fourth one
-4 1 -4
So that is how we find the basis of the image of a linear transformation. Basically
reduce it to a V7 problem and go from there. In the next
video, we'll talk about how to find a basis of the kernel of a linear transformation.